Atualiza arquivos básicos de documentação (#605)
okfn-brasil/querido-diario: .github/SUPPORT-en-US.md

**English (US)** | [Português (BR)](SUPPORT.md)

# Support

> Join our [community on Discord](https://bit.ly/discord-ok) to get help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Join our [community on Discord](https://go.ok.org.br/discord) to get help.
```
